4.-Non-Functional Requirements

	4.1 Game Performance

		The game mechanics aim to be fluid. 
		All Game Objects that are moveable including the character, sidekicks, enemies, collectable etc's movements will be fluid in motion.
		They will be produced in a manner that shall conserve the games frame rates hence to reduce lagging of the game to a minimal.
		Sound as well be dealt with and shall be run on anothe thread hence to allow for quicker response to the player.
		The stimulus of sound and sight are crucial to the games success and thus shall be optimised to work eefectively on even a Graphically Low end Computer.
		A smooth running game will intice the user to play more and have not rage quit on losing because of no fault of their own.
		
	4.2-Graphical Smoothness
		
		The characters of the game shall have low resolution graphics to represent a similar style of arcade games.
		The choice allows for animations and other displays to be more fluid and responsive and not be heavy on a Graphically low end commputer.
		This allows players of different Computer types to be able to enjoy the experience this game aims to present.
		Faster animations will allow for a more comfortable gameplay rather than a gittery feel causing the player to be on edge in fear of unresponsiveness due to graphics while playing.
		The choice in colors of the background, enemies, bullets etc shall also be chosen to make the gameplay "clean".
		This is to prevent the player to get tired visually from straining to distnuish different game objects or from extremely flashing animations. 

	4.3-User-Friendly Interface
		During the gameplay player won’t get disturbed from the little details like health bar, level info, weapon image that mentions which weapon he uses at the moment etc. Player will focus on the game. The main screen will be simple may look like an Atari’s Mario’s main screen easy to found needed features. Briefly Interfaces’ main goal will be made player to want to play more. 
	4.4-Extendibility
		Thanks to our story mode we can make sequel of our game which can have new character, enemy and etc. Also we will add new features to our gameplay. Shortly A day in Bilkent has long bright future on ahead.
	4.5-Fast Asset Loading
		A day in Bilkent’s loading screen will do the mostly all the job, Character’s skins and pictures, background, weapon details shortly every detail needed to be load will be done in loading. Thanks to that the player won’t bother with the small instance game hobbles.
