4.-Non-Functional Requirements

	4.1 Game Performance

		The game mechanics aim to be fluid. 
		All Game Objects that are movable including the character, sidekicks, enemies, collectable etc's movements will be fluid in motion.
		They will be produced in a manner that shall conserve the games frame rates hence to reduce lagging of the game to a minimal.
		Sound as well be dealt with and shall be run on another thread hence to allow for quicker response to the player.
		The stimulus of sound and sight are crucial to the games success and thus shall be optimized to work effectively on even a Graphically Low end Computer.
		A smooth running game will entice the user to play more and have not rage quit on losing because of no fault of their own.
		
	4.2-Graphical Smoothness
		
		The characters of the game shall have low resolution graphics to represent a similar style of arcade games.
		The choice allows for animations and other displays to be more fluid and responsive and not be heavy on a Graphically low end computer.
		This allows players of different Computer types to be able to enjoy the experience this game aims to present.
		Faster animations will allow for a more comfortable gameplay rather than a glittery feel causing the player to be on edge in fear of unresponsiveness due to graphics while playing.
		The choice in colors of the background, enemies, bullets etc shall also be chosen to make the gameplay "clean".
		This is to prevent the player to get tired visually from straining to distinguish different game objects or from extremely flashing animations.

	4.3-User-Friendly Interface

		The Interface of the whole game will be simple and intuitive.
		The player will not have to work on guess work to operate the App.
		The help section which explains the player the mechanics of the game are coupled with pictures to allow the player to understand the mechanics in a glance.
		During the game run, the position of player health, score and other details will be positioned in such a manner that it shall not interfere with the main game.
		Hence, the player will not be distracted from these vital informations blocking the visuals of other game objects.

	4.4-Extendibility

		The "Story Mode" of the game can be used to enhance the game in other releases with more enhanced stories.
		Currently, the Story mode is same for all Characters but can be extended to be different for different Characters.
		Due to the theme chosen for the game, a lot more depth can be given to it in future releases.
		This depth can be :

			a) An enhanced story line
			b) Story lines for Other departments of bilkent
			c) Different types of Collectables , Enemies , Sidekicks etc.
			d) Increase in weapons for all enemies.
			e) More Shooting patters for bosses.
			f) Different powers of Sidekicks and Characters.
		
		With progress of releases and input from players, we can modify the game to add the suggested features and more in future releases while keeping the game mechanics intact.
		With our design, different game modes can also be introduced like:

			a) Multiplayer
			b) Time Attacks
		
		The responses from the playing community shall guide in the future extendibility of the game.
		All of this is a result of the theme of the game and the design of the game to divide all features as a separate and independent component.

	4.5-Fast Asset Loading
		
		The game shall have a splash screen during which all game assets can be loaded.
		The assets include :

			a) Background Sounds
			b) Music
			c) Images

		This design choice allows all the assets to be buffered and not cause hindrance while the game is being played.
		
	4.6-Responsiveness 

		The game loop that will be designed - the heart of the whole game - will be such that shall maintain a steady frame rate and shall not be unresponsive.
		It shall be designed in such a manner that during gameplay, the player will not have to face any disadvantages because of a lag.
		The buttons for the main menu and other sections that have User Input shall be designed in such a way that they will be fluid in operations and not become jittery whilst in use.
		This serves the purpose to reduce any cause of frustrations for the player so they can have a relaxing experience.
